
I am planning to Build Product  Camara APIs (approx 20 APIs) related.

1. UI For Partner Creation 
 a. When Partner Create that time, the automatic client and client secret create (scope in keycloak)
 b.  Dashboard Partner wise for API uses
  c. Dashboard All APIs use
  d. partner information displayed on UI
  e. Monetization (EveryMonth Bill Generate for Partner wise and send to email) & One Month Bill displayed on UI
   f. Whne partner create that time notification send to Partner email ID
   g. Partner Subscribe API that time scope add in Keycloak
   h.  All API request and response displayed on UI base on date, partner, API filter

I am Planning to use following component for this product build.
1. Database : Postgres
2. API Geteway: any support but start with Kong : postgres 
3. Keycloak : Postgres
4. Redis and Resid UI
5. Auth Server TLS Packet read, I have Code so we will use Python or we can use Python code for auth Code generate and js for Token generate and validation
6. ELK with OpenTelematory
7. Prometheus and Grafana 

Auth Code Flow (method GET)
Mobile App Send request for auth code Generate --> 5GCore or 4GCore request will be received and add MSISDN in Header Or TLS Packet (header Enrichment)  --> Kong --> Auth Server (Auth server read the Header Enrichment and store MSISDN) --Keycloak (Generate the Auth Code MSISDN and Client Base ) -- Response to Auth server --> Response Redirect to App backend Server

Token Generation Flow (Method POST)
App Backend Server send request token generation with Auth Code --> Kong --> AuthServer (Auth Code One time and time base accessible)  If authCode Note expired or not used then request send --> Keycloak (Generate the token) --> auth server stored --> response to kong --> App Backend Server 

Number Verification Verify Flow (Method POST)
App Backend Server send number verification verify  with Token --> Kong --> Number verification --> validate the token with Auth server (If token are validate) and MSIDN match then response is true, else false --> Kong --> App Backend Server 


Number Verification Verify Flow (Method POST)
App Backend Server send number verification verify  with Token --> Kong --> Number verification --> validate the token with Auth server (If token are validate) and MSIDN match then response is true, else false --> Kong --> App Backend Server 


Number Verification Device Get Phone Number Flow (Method GET)
App Backend Server send number verification Get Phone number with Token --> Kong --> Number verification --> validate the token with Auth server (If token are validate) and  thatMSIDN response to  --> Kong --> App Backend Server 

1st i'll prepare product and test in Daemon base then convert in to docker then we can use in Kubernetes. 

following start with container like Kong,keycloak, redis, redis ui

If possibel single container for Auth Server with Python and js (token generate and validation) or we can use two container one for python and one for js.


